https://dominikabarrett.github.io/RPS/










# freestylegame



https://dominikabarrett.github.io/RPS/ Story By now you know the Javascript basics. Lets put it to a test and create something awesome, creative and motivating. The goal is to create a game in the browser. What type of game?  Wait for it...  Any type :) Just your creativity (and your JavaScript knowledge) can limit the result.  What are you going to learn? finding DOM elements in the document tree DOM manipulation using JavaScript handling user interactions with JavaScript event handlers HTML data attributes CSS styling Tasks As a team you should figure out what game you want to work on and what features you want to finish.  There is a game that the whole team agrees you would like to implement Checked your game idea with a mentor to make sure it can be realistically implemented in a sprint There is a backlog of possible features you have collected that the game can have There is a plan based on story estimations what you can finish by the end of the sprint We want to have a playable game based on JavaScript DOM manipulation and event handling  The game is based on handling some kind of event(s) (mouse, keyboard...) The game mainly relies on DOM manipulation to move elements around on the screen or change their appearance (beside CSS of course) The code is separated into several javascript functions [OPTIONAL] The game or parts of it can be time driven. This adds some complexity as you have to change things around in given time intervals  There is a part of the game that changes over time without any interaction (eg. moving enemy/avatar) [OPTIONAL] There should be a way to check my highest score.  The highscore data is stored between games General requirements None  Hints Have fun, create a game that is motivating for you! :) How to figure out what game and features to implement? Here are some ideas: have a brainstorming session, throw in game/feature ideas without criticizing each other, any idea is a good idea, write them down somewhere after you are finished talk about what you have collected and decide on a game now talk with a mentor about the idea and if it can be realistically implemented in a sprint collect any feature ideas you have and specify them so every team member knows what the expectations are with it (these are your user stories in your backlog) now estimate each user story and figure out how many you can finish in this sprint If you search the internet for javascript games, you'll see lots of solutions using canvas. It is a nice technology, but we have not met canvas and the main focus of this project is to practice DOM and event handling, so please say no to canvas for this project. Later on feel free to learn about canvas with a pet project game for example. You can open the index.html by starting a small HTTP server (see the background materials for details) You can decide to create some backend functionality. For that, use any previously learnt technology (eg. Flask). Don't forget to use git branches as you develop new features Background materials Javascript - Events Javascript - DOM manipulation Javascript - Extending the DOM How to start a local HTTP server Javascript - Debugging Javascript - Other features Javascript.info tutorial MDN HTML Drag&amp;Drop API MDN Drag operations documentation CSS Flexbox guide CSS Grid guide
